These folders contain the scripts required to train the AlexNet/GoogLeNet models, respectively. 

**Note:** I only trained the `80-20/finetune` models for the color, grayscale, and segmented categories. The remaining folders are (mostly) identical to the ones in the original mohanty repository
(missing the `results/` folder and `.prototxt` files, and probably a couple of others). 

**Important:** Don't forget to edit the folder paths for each file (and its related files!) You may also wish to increase the number of GPUs if your system allows it (I used only 1). 

**Training:** Run `train.sh` to train the model. 

`solver.prototxt:` Specifies gradient descent parameters. Used by `train.sh.`

**Testing:** Run `test.sh` to test the model. 

The `iter_` and `snapshot_iter_` files should have been generated during training. The `iter_` files should be stored under the `test_prototxts/` folder. The testing output will be stored in `iter_` files under the `test_logs/` folder. 

`parse_test_logs.py:` Custom script to parse the `test_logs/iter_` files for the accuracy and loss values. Values are stored in `test_acc_values.txt` and `test_loss_values.txt` for easier plotting. 

**Predicting:** Run `python predict.py` to get the model prediction for an arbitrary plant image. Modify the plant image directory as desired. 

`label_mappings.txt:` Contains the 38 plant labels. Used by `predict.py` to map plant labels to indices. 

`create_mean_file.npy:` Script to create a mean file. 

`train_mean.npy:` The mean file generated by `create_mean_file.npy.` Used by `predict.py` to create the predictor. 

`deploy.prototxt:` Used to perform testing in `predict.py.`

*Bug in GoogLeNet: Predictions are not scaled to 100!